Supplemental Terms and ConditionsNOTICE TO USER:  PLEASE READ THESE SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THIS "AGREEMENT" CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE INTELLIGENT DEVICE  AND/OR DATA MANAGEMENT SERVICE, EACH AS DEFINED BELOW (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SERVICE". BY USING THIS SERVICE YOU, AND THE COMPANY YOU REPRESENT, ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.  This Agreement sets forth the terms of the Service. The words we, us, our and Kadant refer to Kadant Inc., its affiliates and authorized agents. You and we acknowledge and confirm that you may have placed, and we may have acknowledged and accepted, one or more orders for our equipment (each as acknowledged, a "Purchase Order", which are subject to separate written terms and conditions (the "Purchase Order Terms". This Agreement is incorporated into, supplements and is subject to the provisions of the Purchase Order Terms. Any capitalized term used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Purchase Order Terms. This Agreement shall control over any and all conflicting terms and conditions contained in any Purchase Order, Purchase Order Terms and in lieu of any pre-printed terms and conditions contained in your or our quotes, proposals, order acknowledgments, invoices or similar documents concerning the subject matter herein.      1. Scope of Service:  Your Kadant equipment may already have or may be upgraded with an intelligent device that allows remote access to the equipment ("Intelligent Device". Upon your acceptance of this Agreement or use of the Service, Kadant shall be permitted to remotely access the Kadant equipment for the purpose of providing the Service. The Service may enable Kadant to remotely monitor, alert, troubleshoot, diagnose, and/or service your Kadant equipment and the devices connected to it from your site if you engage with us to do so. The Service may also enable remote upgrades of your Kadant equipment software and the software within connected devices if necessary. Use of the Service does not obligate Kadant to provide upgrades to Kadant equipment or the software within connected devices, except on Purchase Order Terms. We may make changes, upgrades, updates or any other modifications to the Service at our sole discretion and your continued use of the Services will be deemed as acceptance of any such changes, updates, upgrades or modifications. In order to provide the Service, we may remotely access and pull specific data that will help us diagnose and solve equipment performance issues or provide the Service. In addition, the Service may include access to a data management portal (the "Data Management Service" which provides commercial and customer relationship data, including but not limited to, for example, order history, quote history, asset and equipment service records, machine identification and drawing information related to Kadant equipment owned by you (collectively, with any data provided, accessed, stored or transmitted through an Intelligent Device, the "Service Data". The fee for the Service, as described herein, shall be set forth in an applicable Purchase Order. Any expanded features that we may offer in the future, including database backups and restores, utilization reports, and other data analytics, may be offered for an additional fee. In the event your Purchase Order for Service with us is terminated, we may, at our sole election, cease providing remote technical support, but continue to provide you with remote software upgrades or other portions of the Service without charging a fee. If we elect to continue to provide the Service and you elect to continue to use the Service, this Agreement (including our ability to download and use the Service Data covered by the Service as described in this paragraph and in Section 5 below) will remain in place.     2. Your Usage Obligations and Responsibilities:A. You agree to provide us with reasonable assistance, cooperation and complete and accurate information to enable us to provide the Service and perform our obligations hereunder. B. The Service may not be accessed for purposes of monitoring its availability, performance or functionality, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes.C. Third parties are prohibited from accessing the Service, except with our prior written consent.D. You will (i) be responsible for users' compliance with this Agreement and the applicable Purchase Order, Purchase Order Terms and this Agreement, (ii) be responsible for the accuracy, quality and legality of your data, the means by which you acquired your data, your use of the Service Data, and the interoperation of any third-party applications ("Non-Kadant Applications" with which you use the Service or which are otherwise required for use of the Service, (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Service, and notify us promptly of any such unauthorized access or use, (iv) use the Service only in accordance with this Agreement, the applicable Purchase Orders, Purchase Order Terms, this Agreement and applicable laws and government regulations, and (v) comply with the terms of service of any Non-Kadant Applications with which you use the Service. Any use of the Service in breach of the foregoing or any material breach of any other provision of this Agreement or the Purchase Order Terms by you or your users that in our judgment threatens the security, integrity or availability of the Service or otherwise may result in liability to us may result in our immediate termination of the Service, however we will use commercially reasonable efforts under the circumstances to provide you with notice and an opportunity to remedy such violation or threat prior to any such suspension.E. You acknowledge that (i) neither we nor any of our third-party providers controls your equipment or the transfer of data over communications facilities (including the Internet); (ii) the Service may be subject to limitations, interruptions, delays, and other problems inherent in the use of the communications facilities (including search engines and social media channels); and (iii) you are fully responsible to install appropriate security updates and patches applicable to your network environment, Kadant equipment and software and your Non-Kadant Applications and equipment. None of the foregoing shall be deemed a cancellation or termination of the Service.    3. Usage Restrictions: You will not: (a) make the Service or Service Data available to anyone other than your users, or use the Service for the benefit of anyone other than you or your affiliates, unless expressly stated otherwise in the applicable Purchase Order; (b) sell, resell, license, sublicense, distribute, make available, rent or lease the Service, or include the Service in a service bureau or outsourcing offering; (c) use the Service or Non-Kadant Application to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party privacy rights; (d) use the Service or Non-Kadant Application to store or transmit malicious code; (e) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Service; (f) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or its related systems or networks; (g) permit direct or indirect access to or use of the Service in a way that circumvents a contractual usage limit, or use the Service to access or use any of Kadant intellectual property except as permitted under this Agreement or the applicable Purchase Order; (h) modify, copy, or create derivative works based on a Service or any part, feature, function or user interface thereof; (i) frame or mirror any part of the Service, other than accessing the Service on your permitted devices or networks or otherwise permitted uses for your own internal business purposes; (j) except to the extent permitted by applicable law, disassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile the Service or access it to (1) build a competitive product or service, (2) build a product or service using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service, (3) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service, or (4) determine whether the Service is within the scope of any patent; or (k) assist any person or entity to do any of the foregoing.    4. Technical Environment:  In order to use the Service, you must have a high-speed internet connection and configure your network environment such that the Service can establish communications.  You shall provide and incur the cost of the Kadant equipment and the high-speed internet connection.  You shall provide the appropriate network connectivity and segregation of data for the Service to operate properly. The Service includes security features to permit only authorized personnel to access the Kadant equipment.          5. Limited Warranty.  A. You assume all responsibility for the selection of, use of and results obtained from the Service. The limited warranties set forth in this Section 5(a) extend solely to you and not to any third parties. We warrant to you that the Service will be delivered in a professional manner in accordance with generally accepted industry standards. For any breach of this limited warranty, your sole and exclusive remedy and our sole and exclusive liability, will be for us to use reasonable efforts to deliver the applicable Service. You must make any claim under the foregoing warranty to us in writing within 30 days of delivery of such Service in order to receive warranty remedies. If, after a reasonable number of attempts, we are unable to provide the Service in compliance with this limited warranty, either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other party.B. The above warranty will not apply: (a) if the Service is not used in compliance with this Agreement; (b) if any unauthorized modifications are made to the Service by you or any third party; and (c) to defects due to accident, abuse or improper use by you.C. We do not warrant or support any Non-Kadant Applications, or other non-Kadant products or services, whether or not they are designated by Kadant as "certified" or otherwise, unless expressly provided otherwise in a Purchase Order. We are not responsible for any disclosure, modification or deletion of the Service Data resulting from access by such Non-Kadant Application or its provider.D. The Service may be used to access and transfer information over the Internet or be used in connection with hardware and other products that are connected to the Internet. You acknowledge and agree that Kadant and its licensors do not operate or control the Internet and do not require access to information or data residing on your networks that are not directly related to the Service. You acknowledge and agree that unauthorized users may attempt to obtain access to and damage your data, confidential information, or network and that Kadant and its licensors will not be liable for any harm, loss, or damage related to any such unauthorized use, access or damage. E. WE DO NOT REPRESENT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, OR WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTY STATED IN THIS SECTION 5, WE MAKE NO OTHER WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR SYSTEMS, WILL MEET THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OF YOU OR YOUR USERS, WILL OPERATE IN THE COMBINATIONS THAT MAY BE SELECTED  FOR USE BY YOU OR YOUR USERS, WILL BE TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ALL ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.      6. Limitation of Liability. We are not liable for failure to perform under this Agreement due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control. UNLESS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, COVER OR ANY OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR MULTIPLE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF GOODWILL, DATA OR EQUIPMENT OR FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UNLESS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY LAW, OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SERVICE.    7. Term and Termination. This Agreement commences on the date you first use the Service and continues until expiration or termination or as specified in the applicable Purchase Order. Except as otherwise specified in a Purchase Order, this Agreement will automatically renew , unless either party gives the other written notice (email acceptable) at least 30 days before the end of the relevant term. A party may terminate this Agreement for cause (i) upon 30 days written notice to the other party of a material breach if such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such period, or (ii) if the other party becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or assignment for the benefit of creditors. In no event will termination relieve you of the obligation to pay any fees payable to Kadant for the period prior to the effective date of termination.        8. Kadant Use of Service Data:  You authorize us to access Service Data and to combine or associate such Service Data with any other of your data that we are permitted to use, for the purposes of (a) remotely monitoring, alerting, troubleshooting, diagnosing, and servicing your Kadant equipment from your company site, (b) remotely upgrading your Kadant equipment software, (c) providing your company with analysis of its performance and utilization either on a stand-alone basis or in comparison with other de-identified companies utilizing Kadant equipment, (d) aggregating your de-identified Service Data (including with de-identified data from other companies) for research, analysis and other business purposes, which may include use of such de-identified and aggregated Service Data with third parties, and (f) otherwise providing the Service to you. We do not share your data or Service Data with third parties except in a de-identified format, except as necessary to provide the Services to you, administer this Agreement, arrange for, collect, and process payment, comply with law, defend our legal rights, or otherwise with your express consent. We will not collect personal data through the Service, and do not accept any potential liability in the event that any such data is provided to Kadant.  Kadant uses web-based cloud and data storage services that may be provided by third parties. You consent to the extraction of your Service Data from the Kadant equipment, the transfer of such Service Data and information to the United States, and the continued storage of such Service Data and information by such third-party providers, any of which may be based in the United States. We have implemented technical and organizational measures designed to protect your Service Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, and which provide a level of security appropriate to the risk represented by the processing and the nature of the data to be protected. By your use of the Service, you hereby grant consent to permit us to automatically transfer the Service Data and any other data regarding the Kadant equipment performance.     9. Your Use of Kadant Data. In certain circumstances, the Service will involve the presentation or display of Service Data that is proprietary to us and/or owned by us ("Kadant Data". We hereby grant you a revocable, limited-term license to view and use the Kadant Data solely for your internal business purposes in accordance with this Agreement.10. Proprietary Rights and Licenses:A. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, we reserve all of our right, title and interest in and to the Service and the Kadant Data, including all of their related intellectual property rights. No rights are granted to you hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.B. You grant us a worldwide, limited-term license to host, copy, use, transmit, and display any Service Data or other data created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Service, each as appropriate for us to provide and ensure proper operation of the Service and associated systems in accordance with this Agreement. If you choose to use a Non-Kadant Application with the Service, you grant us permission to allow the Non-Kadant Application and its provider to access your Service Data and information about your usage of the Non-Kadant Application as appropriate for the interoperation of that Non-Kadant Application with the Service. Other than as set forth in this Agreement, we acquire no right, title or interest from you or your licensors in or to any of your Service Data or Non-Kadant Application.C. You grant to us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use and incorporate into our services any suggestion, enhancement request, recommendation, correction or other feedback provided by you or your users relating to the operation of our Service.    11. Governing Law; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. The provisions of the applicable Purchase Order regarding Governing Law and Venue are incorporated herein in their entirety as if set forth herein.        12. Severability. If any of the provisions of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, then the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired thereby, and you and we agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable provision with an enforceable and valid arrangement that, in its economic effect, is as close as possible to the invalid or unenforceable provision.    13. Miscellaneous. Neither party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the other party's prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld); provided, however, that either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety without the other party's consent in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets. This Agreement, along with the applicable Purchase Order, constitutes the entire agreement between us with respect to its subject matter and supersedes any prior oral or written agreement we may have had regarding its subject matter. This Agreement may be modified only by an amendment provided to you by Kadant. When we make modifications, we will notify you in advance, and your further use of the Service will indicate your acceptance of the modifications. No delay or omission by either of us in requiring performance by the other, or in enforcing any of our rights, under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any of our rights or a bar to future enforcement of such rights.